Welcome page:

MOG LOGISTICS SERVICES/ MOG DYNAMICS LTD  is the number one logistic company as our reputation stand us out among the rest. We offer shipping from USA to NIGERIA and local logistics within LAGOS and its neighboring states . We also offer Export shipping from Nigeria to Nigeria to the USA. Whether it’s managing your shipments from door-to-door or simply finding competitive rates for Air Shipping, Ocean Shipping from any location in the USA to anywhere in Nigeria, we have the experience to help you get there – wherever whenever  ‘there’ may be!. 



WHY CHOOSE MOG LOGISTICS SERVICES/MOG DYNAMICS LTD:

We keep you in the know with regular updates. Consistent updates from time your goods are  received till it gets delivered.
Our customer services are available when help is needed.
Our rates are low, and friendly 
Very reliable and delivery are made right on time


10 Days Free Storage
Where other shippers offers less than 5 days,
we gives up to 10 Days FREE storage to give you time to shop more from multiple store and also be able to ship to Nigeria as one shipment with just one shipping cost.


   HOW IT WORKS
Get A Free US Address In 30 Sec
Register here. Simply fill in your name, address, and email to register for free. Start shopping on US online stores immediately using your assigned US address.

Shop From US Stores Online
Start shopping immediately on Walmart, eBay,, Amazon, and over 130,00 US online stores. You can also shop on a number of other websites in the USA using our assigned US address.

Use Your US Address At Checkout
Go to your address book on any online store you are shopping from and set your assigned US address as your delivery address. Send all your purchases to your assigned US address.

FAQ

How do I track my shipment?

Enter your tracking number into the search bar on the homepage to get the real-time progress of your shipment.

How long does it take to get my package delivered to Nigeria?

10 - 14 working days from the day the package ships out of our US warehouse if there is zero customs delay in Nigeria. The 10 - 14 working days don’t include the time it takes for the US store to deliver the package to our US warehouse. We ship packages every Friday 

What is the acceptable mode of payment?

We accept payment in Naira or US Dollars through bank-to-bank transfers, USDT,BTC, ETH and debit or credit cards. We’re unable to accept cash, and cash on delivery.

Do I have to pay for delivery in Nigeria?

Yes, you pay $10 for door-to-door package delivery. Additionally, pick-up is available in our Lagos office.

What will I do if my goods are being held by custom?
All country custom have their Rules and Regulations that must be followed but if your goods are being held, there is little we can do than wait for a response from the custom office  to give us the reason why it’s being held. Most times goods are being held if they are suspected to be fraudulently acquired or contraband goods, if this occur you will be asked for proves to show your goods are legit. Note: contraband goods will be forfeited.